docs: improve installation documentation (#2286)
razorpay/blade: packages/blade/docs/guides/Installation.stories.mdx

        ```

        > **Note**
        >
        > Replace `<YOUR_TOKEN>` with your actual GitHub Personal Access Token

      - Run `source ~/.bashrc` or `source ~/.zshrc` based on the file you added your token.
      - Run `code ~/.npmrc` and append the following
        ```bash
        # add following to your .npmrc
        @razorpay:registry=https://npm.pkg.github.com/
        //npm.pkg.github.com/:always-auth=true
        //npm.pkg.github.com/:_authToken=${GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN}
        ```

    </AccordionItemBody>

  </AccordionItem>
</Accordion>

<br />

<Text marginY="spacing.4">Follow these 3 steps to get started!</Text>

<Tabs marginTop="spacing.8" variant="bordered" orientation="horizontal">
  <Box position="sticky" top="0px" zIndex={1} backgroundColor="surface.background.gray.intense">
    <TabList>
      <TabItem value="basic">1. Basic Setup</TabItem>
      <TabItem value="fonts">2. Install Fonts</TabItem>
      <TabItem value="ts">3. TypeScript</TabItem>
    </TabList>
  </Box>
  <TabPanel value="basic">
    <Heading size="large" marginTop="spacing.7">Add blade to your application</Heading>

    <StepGroup orientation="vertical" size="medium">
      <StepItem

>         title="1. Install blade as a dependency."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        title="1. Install @razorpay/blade as a dependency."
```

      >

>         <Text>Blade has a peer dependency on a few libraries, you can skip adding it if you already have it installed in your project.</Text>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <Text>Blade has a few peer dependencies that you may already have installed in your project. If so, you can skip adding them again.</Text>
```

            <ListItemText>
              <Tooltip content="i18n library that blade depends on. Follow their installation guide for more info">
                <TooltipInteractiveWrapper position="relative" left="2px" top="2px">
                  <InfoIcon size="small" />
                </TooltipInteractiveWrapper>
              </Tooltip>
            </ListItemText>
          </ListItem>
          <ListItem>
            <ListItemLink href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@razorpay/i18nify-react">@razorpay/i18nify-react</ListItemLink>
            <ListItemText>
              <Tooltip content="A state management React wrapper for @razorpay/i18nify-js that maintains locale state of your page">
                <TooltipInteractiveWrapper position="relative" left="2px" top="2px">
                  <InfoIcon size="small" />
                </TooltipInteractiveWrapper>
              </Tooltip>
            </ListItemText>
          </ListItem>
        </List>

      </StepItem>
      <StepItem
        title="2. Add ReactNative Dependencies [Optional for web projects]"
      >
        ```shell

>         yarn add @floating-ui/react-native@0.10.0 react-native-reanimated@3.4.1 react-native-tab-view@3.5.2 react-native-pager-view@6.2.1 react-native-svg@12.3.0 react-native-gesture-handler@2.9.0 @gorhom/bottom-sheet@4.4.6 @gorhom/portal@1.0.1

Reviewer: This is making the X-axis overflow, 

https://github.com/razorpay/blade/assets/46647141/097f9c3a-9ce0-4801-860d-f1fe6c80fecf

Author: Can't do much, storybook forces the codeblock to be fixed width.

Reviewer 2: can you add Box wrapper around that codeblock with fixed width and overflow auto?

        - `@floating-ui/react-native`
          - Add this as peer dependency, no need to do additional setup.
        - `react-native-tab-view`
          - Add this as peer dependency, no need to do additional setup. This is needed for react-native Tabs component as per [this guide](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/tab-view/#installation).
        - `react-native-pager-view`
          - Add this as peer dependency, no need to do additional setup. This is needed for react-native Tabs component as per [this guide](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/tab-view/#installation).

        And finally run `pod install` command so that blade's RN dependencies are linked to your project:

        ```shell
        cd ios && pod install
        ```

      </StepItem>
      <StepItem title="Next: Install Fonts" />
    </StepGroup>

  </TabPanel>
  <TabPanel value="fonts">
    <Heading size="large" marginTop="spacing.7">Installing Fonts</Heading>

    We use 2 fonts. [TASA Orbiter](https://tasatype.localremote.co/) (for our headings), and [Inter](https://rsms.me/inter/) (for other text elements).

    ### Web

>     - To add these fonts to your project, you can import them from blade package in your root entry file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - To add these fonts to your project, import them from the blade package in your root entry file.
```

      ```ts
      // Somewhere in root index.ts or entryBrowser.tsx file
      import '@razorpay/blade/fonts.css';
      ```

>     - While Blade handles setting font-family for its own components, you can set font-family globally as well in your global styles for any custom components or exceptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - While Blade handles the `font-family` for its components, you can set the `font-family` globally in your project's global styles for any custom components or exceptions.
```

      ```ts
      import { createGlobalStyle } from 'styled-components';

      const GlobalStyles = createGlobalStyle`
      * {
        box-sizing: border-box;
      }

      body {
        margin: 0;
        padding: 0;
        font-family: ${(props) => props.theme.typography.fonts.family.text}
      }

      h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 {
        font-family: ${(props) => props.theme.typography.fonts.family.heading};
      }
      `;
      ```

    ##### No Bundler Setups or No Code Tools

>     If your project uses a no-bundler setup or is a no-code tool, you can install fonts with `unpkg` link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If your project uses a no-bundler setup or is a no-code tool, you can install fonts with the `unpkg` link
```

    -->
    ```

    ### React Native

    - Download fonts from <a href="https://github.com/razorpay/blade/tree/master/packages/blade/fonts/blade-fonts-react-native.zip">blade-fonts-react-native.zip</a> and unzip.

    - #### For iOS

      - Copy all font files from the `ios-fonts` directory to `<project_root>/public/fonts` (**create the directory if it doesn't exist**)
      - Create a React Native config file at the root of your project - `<project_root>/react-native.config.js` and add the following content to it

        ```js
        module.exports = {
          // ... rest of the config
          assets: ['./public/fonts/'],
        };
        ```

      - Run the following command to link fonts in ios

        ```shell
        npx react-native-asset -ios-a
        ```

    - #### For Android

      - Copy all files from `android-fonts` to `/android/app/src/main/res/font`
      - Navigate to `/android/app/src/main/java/com/<your_package_name>/MainApplication.java` and add the following contents to it

        ```js
        // add the below import statement after all the import statements
        import com.facebook.react.views.text.ReactFontManager;
        ```

>       - Now search for `onCreate` method and add the following line to it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Now search for the`onCreate` method and add the following line to it
```

        ```js
        public void onCreate() {
          // add the below lines as the first lines
          ReactFontManager.getInstance().addCustomFont(this, "Inter", R.font.inter);
          ReactFontManager.getInstance().addCustomFont(this, "TASA Orbiter Display", R.font.tasa);
          // rest of the content of the method
        }
        ```

  </TabPanel>
  <TabPanel value="ts">
    <Heading size="large" marginY="spacing.7">TypeScript Setup</Heading>

    ### Web

>     If you're using TypeScript in your project, firstly make sure you have `@types/styled-components` installed in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're using TypeScript in your project, first make sure you have `@types/styled-components` installed.
```

    ```shell
    yarn add -D @types/styled-components
    ```

>     Now, you can extend the theme interface to include your custom theme properties to styled-components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Now, you can extend the theme interface to include your custom theme properties to `styled-components`.
```

    ```ts
    // file: index.d.ts
    import { Theme } from '@razorpay/blade/components';

    declare module 'styled-components' {
      export interface DefaultTheme extends Theme {}
    }
    ```

    ### React Native

>     To get ReactNative specific type hints for blade you can switch the `moduleSuffixes` in your `tsconfig.json` to include `.native` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To get ReactNative specific type hints for the blade components, you can switch the `moduleSuffixes` in your `tsconfig.json` to include `.native` files.
```
